Remove all absolute URLs to docs (#2692)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/serverless-port-code.mdx

</CloudContent>

The following example demonstrates how to port existing code to leverage Qiskit Serverless.
<Admonition type="note">

> The following code assumes that you have saved your credentials. If you have not, follow the instructions in <LegacyContent>[Set up an IBM Quantum channel](/guides/setup-channel#iqp)</LegacyContent><CloudContent>[Set up your IBM Cloud account](/guides/cloud-setup#cloud-untrusted)</CloudContent> to authenticate with your API token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code assumes that you have saved your credentials. If you have not, follow the instructions in <LegacyContent>[Set up an IBM Quantum channel](/guides/setup-channel#iqp)</LegacyContent><CloudContent>[Set up your IBM Cloud account](/guides/cloud-setup)</CloudContent> to authenticate with your API key.
```

Author: It seems helpful to point to the correct step, instead of just linking to the top of the page and making them dig for it.

@distribute_task(target={"cpu": 1})
def transpile_parallel(circuit, pass_manager):
    """Distributed transpilation for an abstract circuit into an ISA circuit for a given backend."""

    isa_circuit = pass_manager.run(circuit)

    return isa_circuit

try:
    # Get backend

>     service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_quantum")

Reviewer: This is legacy-only, so it's safe to put the `channel`. But is it necessary if they already saved their login?

Author: In legacy, if you don't use channel= and you have both Cloud and IQP logins, and you didn't save IQP as default, it'll default to cloud.  That's why we put channel="ibm_quantum" all over.

qc_random = [(random_circuit(20, 20, measure=True)) for _ in range(30)]
optimization_level = 3

> service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_cloud")

Reviewer: Ditto if channel should be removed?

Author: It's safest to leave it.

@distribute_task(target={"cpu": 1})
def transpile_parallel(circuit, pass_manager):
    """Distributed transpilation for an abstract circuit into an ISA circuit for a given backend."""

    isa_circuit = pass_manager.run(circuit)

    return isa_circuit

try:
    # Get backend

>     service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_cloud")

Reviewer: Ditto if channel should be removed. It'd be good to ripgrep for `channel= docs/guides` - maybe create a new issue?

Author: No need to remove.
